hi everyone I'm alens today I'm going to
show you how to deploy a swel kit app
with swela 5 on digital ocean apps
platform please keep in mind that I will
leave Link in this video description
with free $200 Us credit for new users
on digital ocean let's start with
creating a swell kit project let's go so
first thing we need to do we open our
terminal and type in npx SV
create I will put dot in it to select
this current folder we will have
minimal version we will not use
typescript this time and we will use
tailwind and swell kit adapter and
that's it for now we will not choose any
of these press enter and for the appd
doter we select node as our package
manager we chose npm so once we all are
set we head to the package Json and add
start
command and basically that's it so next
thing we need to do we will create our
repository on GitHub so go to your
GitHub dashboard and click create
repository I will call
it swell kit
do and set it as
private once the repository is created
we can follow these instructions let's
copy the
commands we will not add readme file
but we
must but we will add just dot to include
all
files we will copy the first commit
now we will set our
Branch now we will set our
origin and now we will push our code to
GitHub repository
it looks like everything went successful
let's check our uh GitHub
dashboard everything looks just as
expected so next thing we need to do we
head to our digital ocean
dashboard so once we are in we can
select this create button and choose app
platform and this is where all magic
happens digital ocean lets us select our
repository from GitHub and automatically
deploys our app so let's add our GitHub
account now we need to Grant access for
our repositories I will select
all now when this is done we can select
our newly created Repository
and we will leave Auto Deploy on that
means every time we push changes with it
will auto deploy our app to production
so click
next okay right now digital ocean
applied some out of configuration for
our app for $24 a month we don't need
that we won for5 so next thing we need
to do we need to make some changes so
now we have to go to size section and
click edit let's select $5 a month so we
can already see that our total cost for
month will be
$5 so if you scroll down we can make
some additional changes we can rename
our app let's call it swel and choose
different region if we need that I will
live at frankurt so one important thing
is that we can set app level environment
variables and we can set environment
variables the difference is that in this
section we will add en environment
variables only for this
instance but if we create new instance
on this app like second server or
something like that we can set
environment variables for both of these
apps one more thing we need to do is we
need to head to our Network section and
press
edit and add Port as 3,000 because SW
kit with node adapter uses Port 3,000 so
everything looks good for me let's close
this and
this and let's create an app so we just
pushed our deployment and we will need
to wait for deployment to complete we
can go and see some logs and here we can
see the process of how that happens we
can see sometimes some warnings but they
are mostly harmless if they are not
critical and while the app builds I will
show where you can add your custom
domain you must go to the settings tab
and seek for domains once the app will
be deployed and successfully installed
you can you will be able to add your
custom domain before you can add it you
will need some basic configuration but
that's a topic for another video and
here you go app deployed
successfully so here is your domain you
can edit it here you can add your domain
if
needed and we can check our runtime logs
app is listening on Port three
,000 and we can check our app by
clicking on this URL and here you go
that was that simple to deploy your swel
kit app on digital ocean hit the
Subscribe button to not miss out on new
videos leave a like check out the video
description maybe we'll see something
here and see you in the next one